Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to use the staggered grid view package in order to display our product
in a very nice manner.
To do this, you have to head up to pop the depth.
And over here, we are going to search for staggered grid view.
And okay.
And this obviously I got great view further and click on this.
And what we have to do is to copy this code and back to voice code and then your post back yaml file.
And you can secretly have it installed already.
And after having that, you have to click over there in order to get the package.
Okay.
And now back to the mandatory sorry, the gallery directory.
And then the men.
Now what we can do.
We can use control and B to make this wide.
And instead of returning a list view what we can do, we can just.
Okay.
Just going to take this a bit to the bottom and over here I'm going to alight and comments.
And over here we're going to return a staggered.
Star.
Staggered.
Greed view and dot counts builder.
Counts be.
You can see the asking for the cross axis counts.
That is how many products we want side by side.
That is why many products we want here and many products we want here.
Okay.
For this, we are going to say two.
That means 2 to 1 product is going to be here and the other is going to be okay.
And it's also asking for the item bidder.
For the item bidder.
I think you've seen this before.
It's going to take in it's going to take in contest.
Right.
And in dance.
We could also specify it is a type of ends because it is expecting a number.
And for the contest, we could also specify it is a type of beauty contest.
Okay.
And where?
Break this to the next line.
Okay.
And we can just go ahead and specify how many products we want.
So to do that, we'd send we're just going to break this as well.
Item counts for the item counts is basically referring to how many products we want to display for the
product is going to be based on how many products we have on the cloud faster database.
That is how many product products we have uploaded so far.
To do that, we have to say snapshot dot.
Data and docs.
And dot lens.
Okay.
This is going to give us how many products we have in the cloud faster database.
And for.
I think we also have this property known as 4D.
Now we can just go ahead.
And we return.
We are going to return maybe a container.
So.
Container.
Okay.
Okay for the container.
We can give this a decoration and box decoration.
We're basically doing this and that's how I've access to some additional property.
And we can say colours that white.
And over here we need this.
And also what we could also do is we can give a border radius to this.
We can say border radius and border radius.
I think you already know what all these doors don't say killer of maybe 15 and why we need a true newcomer.
Okay.
And outside the box decoration, we can then have maybe a child.
The child is going to be a column in order to have access to a lot of widgets which are going to be
displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
And as you know, the column can take multiple widgets.
So it has these children.
Okay.
And for the first child, we can just have a container for this again.
A container.
And we're going to use this which you've not seen before, because basically this first container is
going to be for the image that is to display the product image.
So we're going to use this which you've not seen before.
It is known as cones, strings on strings.
And this is on strings.
Okay.
What we are basically saying is we want to give the image a size that will fill the container.
And both constraints, we can then say mean it's.
That is the product made to product image.
Midnight Mass.
I'm sorry to be.
So sorry.
That must mean we can just say mean I 200 and what we could also do, we can then say mass eyes.
They must eat.
We want should be maybe 50.
And if it is not nice, we can just change that later.
Okay.
And now we can then have.
I have a child, which is going to be an image.
Maybe image that network.
Like he's asking for the source.
For the source, we have to say snapshot.
Snapshot.
Dot.
Dieter.
Dot docs.
Right.
And now we have to assess each product we have by the index.
And we have to say.
Well, I think we.
Sorry.
No.
Anymore, but over here, we're going to pass in the.
I think we caught this once.
We caught this.
Okay.
We called it a product image.
Product image.
And now you can see why we have multiple images, right?
So definitely we want to be able to display all the images in the home screen at same time.
Right.
You can see basically each products can have multiple images for that specif specific product, right?
So what we have to do, we have to then say dot sorry over here, we then have to say zero to get the
first item and over here we need a semi.
Sorry, this over there in our check.
I don't really know what's wrong with me.
Okay.
And now we're going to sort out this.
For this.
We have this and it's going to take in something known as contest.
And we can just use the higher function for this.
And now we can say staggered.
Stagger the.
I got Thai and we wanted to feed.
And he's asking for the OC.
He's asking for the cross cell count.
And we're just going to say one.
Okay.
I basically just got all this from the documentation over here.
Everything is out there for you online.
You can see.
And most of the time you can just read it over here to see what it does and how to use it.
Then you can see the read me.
We have the installing and versions and basically all it does, you can get it from here.
Okay.
And used controller and has now to save.
We just have to wait for this and hopefully we have no errors.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Same guilt, right?
You can see we have just three products, right?
I can see we have just three products over two products.
So we have three main images.
Right.
And now what we could also do is after the column.
You can see we have this column.
And the reason for this column is we want all our widgets to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
And over here we have this container and we're using these constraints to specify the heights, the
mean heights.
So the reason we are using these constraints is so we have access to the mean height and we are saying
it's going to be 100 and also the mass height is going to be 250.
Right.
And you can see basically we are using the image, the network.
And remember, the snapshot is basically referring to a variable that has access to all our data as
we have over here.
And we are basically saying the data, the docs to assess each document.
Right.
And after assessing each document, we are calling the name of the the name of the field.
And we are basically assessing just the first images because you can see why we have multiple images,
right.
So we just have to assess just this one and you can see why we have the zero, remember, and then start
from zero.
So this is zero, one, two, three, four and so on.
So I basically assess this first image.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And after you container within the column how do you turn a corner and we can have a test we just and
for this we can then say snapshot.
Snapshot.
Look what dot.
This is going to be the data and the docs.
Sorry.
The dogs.
And.
And in dance.
And we basically want to assess the product name.
Okay.
Product name and overview.
We need a no check and we need this.
Sorry, this is a column and we'll check it out.
Okay.
And one important thing you should notice, you can see we don't have to go to any screen in order to
go back.
In order to refresh that screen, it is basically displaying real time.